[Music]
fifteen simple ways to lose weight in
two weeks
stress at work eating junk food and poor
sleep prevents you from achieving your
dream body and can even make things
worse but losing weight isn't always
about strict diets and exhausting
workouts
there are many tricks that can help you
lose a bit of excess weight in just two
weeks in today's video we're going to
share with you 15 tips that can help you
get rid of excess belly fat most people
don't even know about these tricks
before we get started be sure to click
the subscribe button and turn on the
little notification bell now you won't
miss any of the important updates coming
out daily on the bright side of life
number 15 avoid sugary drinks when your
sweet tooth kicks in you're often
tempted to chug a can of soda or some
fruit juice however if you're determined
to lose weight this sugary addiction
must stop it has been proven by doctors
from the department of nutrition at the
Harvard School of Public Health that
drinking sugary beverages contributes to
being overweight and obese number 14
drink green tea do you want to burn more
fats according to dr. Margaret Westar
Terp Plantinga of Maastricht University
drinking green tea may help because it's
loaded with antioxidants called
catechins which enhances its fat-burning
capabilities number 13 hide unhealthy
foods apply this rule to unhealthy foods
out of sight out of mind according to a
study by scientists at Ohio State
University
you crave unhealthy snacks more when
they're within your reach this finding
is reiterated by doctors at Cornell
University and vtt Technical Research
Center of Finland in their research keep
unhealthy foods in the cupboard and not
on your countertops you can switch to
healthier options such as a bowl of
fruit if you can't stop snacking number
12 brush your teeth more often
brushing doesn't only clean your teeth
it can also help in the fight against
excess weight if you brush during the
day around 15,000 people took part in a
research project conducted by the
Catholic University of Korea and Korea
University the research showed that
there's a link between brushing your
teeth and losing weight
toothpaste removes leftover food from
your mouth and it stops communicating
with our receptors our brain receives a
signal that says lunch is over
[Music]
number 11 laughs more this isn't a joke
since here laughter uses about the same
amount of energy as walking since it
involves different muscles especially
abdominal ones data gathered by a team
of researchers at the Department of
Medicine at Vanderbilt University showed
that 10 to 15 minutes of laughter a day
can burn 10 to 40 calories so we
recommend that you watch more comedy
shows can't get a good laugh with the
comedy shows you're already watching
sign up for a laughter yoga club instead
this is no laughing matter
currently there are about 6,000 groups
worldwide laughter is the best medicine
indeed number 10 drink more water
we're told time and again that drinking
enough water speeds up the fat burning
process if you're not convinced a team
of scientists from the Humboldt
University and the German Institute of
human nutrition researched this topic
they asked the participants of their
study to drink two large glasses of
water as a result their metabolism
became 30% faster and more efficient
scientists claimed that by drinking 50
fluid ounces more a day a person can
burn around 17,000 400 calories per year
approximately four pounds number nine
follow the two and a half minute rule
this rule was established by scientists
at Colorado State University and the
University of Colorado and Shultz
medical campus they call it sprint
interval training and it requires a 2.5
minute intense workout every day the
thing is five to thirty seconds of hard
exercise during a workout for example
speeding up while riding a bike or
running on a treadmill with four minute
breaks may increase your metabolism and
you'll burn an extra 200 calories do
high-intensity exercise and always give
a hundred percent to burn more fat
number eight eat less but more often
it's easy when you eat frequently you
let your body know that there's no need
to accumulate fats when we skip a meal
we send the opposite signal and we tend
to eat more based on research from the
department of nutritional sciences at
the University of Toronto eating little
and often reduces cholesterol levels by
15% and insulin levels by almost twenty
eight percent insulin plays an important
role since it controls the level of
sugar in the blood if there's a lack of
insulin glucose reaches neither fat
cells nor muscles number seven remove
the bright blue light from electronic
displays here's another simple way to
increase your metabolism remove the blue
light from your phone if you use it
before bedtime however experts do say
that it's better to avoid screen time
completely before going to sleep oh well
a study conducted by scientists from the
department of physiological anthropology
at Kyushu University showed that bright
light confuses our brain which then
stops producing melatonin our metabolism
is tightly connected to our sleeping
patterns and the amount and quality of
our sleep adjust the light tones emitted
by your screens and you'll see an
improvement in your sleep
number six stop counting calories
nutritionists recommend that you stop
focusing on calories and pay more
attention to the quality of the product
you eat since not all calories are equal
for example a high calorie burger can be
harmful but high-calorie nuts are useful
vegetables nuts and seeds are natural
and minimally processed and they all
contain more useful and healthy elements
than their powdery dietary analogues
these products help us get used to a new
diet enrich our body with vitamins and
minerals and satisfy hunger number five
let cool air into your bedroom research
from the National Institute of Diabetes
and digestive and kidney diseases and
the National Institutes of Health
suggests that cool temperatures in a
room influenced brown fat a fat layer
that protects the body from freezing as
a result it splits white fat and burns
chemical energy to create heat subjects
had to sleep in rooms with different
temperatures neutral cool and warm after
four weeks of sleeping in a cool room
men got rid of a great amount of white
fat from their abdomens so go ahead and
turn up the AC at night number four
forget about daytime sleep science
proves that people burn less fat when
they sleep during the day and are active
at night a group of researchers from the
university of colorado studied 14
healthy people for six days during the
first two days subjects slept during the
night and didn't have daytime naps then
they changed their sleeping patterns to
imitate owls sleeping schedules it
turned out that when people took a nap
their metabolism worsening since their
biological clocks didn't completely flip
to fit their schedules if you work night
shifts doctors recommend reducing the
number of calories you consume by 50 to
number three once a week break a diet
deliberately cheap meals are a rather
popular practice among amateur and
professional athletes
this means you break your diet once a
week you're allowed to eat everything
you want
even if these foods are banned from your
diet the secret behind this lies in
tricking your mind when you know you're
going to be rewarded for your efforts
it's much easier to refuse bad food to
satisfy your spontaneous desires
number two get rid of stress according
to a study from Ohio State University
stress slows down our metabolism what's
more when we're stressed out we tend to
eat more greasy sweet and salty foods
scientists say that consuming
high-calorie products in stressful
situations affects our metabolism and
causes weight gain so avoid binge eating
at all costs when you're stressed
[Music]
number one get plenty of sleep a few
more words about getting good sleep
a healthy eight hours of sleep from
10:00 or 11:00 p.m. to 6:00 or 7:00 a.m.
contributes to great metabolism it can
also help you get rid of unwanted belly
fat in a study conducted by assistant
professor Murray Pierre st. Onge at
Columbia University and assistant
professor IRA Schechter of Columbia
University Medical Center subjects who
slept less than five hours were more
prone to weight gain and obesity than
those who had sufficient sleep which
tips do you follow to stay healthy and
fit tell us your experience in the
comments don't forget to click the like
button and share this video with your
friends always stay tuned and subscribe
to join us on the bright side of life
[Music]